0.17.0 release (#980)
packit/packit: CHANGELOG.md

# 0.17.0

## Minor changes and fixes

> - When adding patches to specfile, the numbering of source-git patches begins after original patches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When adding patches to a specfile, the numbering of source-git patches begins after original patches.
```

- It is now possible to use globbing pattern when specifying ref in packit config.
- `upstream_tag_template` is now used for extracting version from git tag.
- Specifiying project using CLI is fixed.
- Packit doesn't drop leading zeros in version strings.
- Our contribution guidelines are cleaned up.
- `--remote` option is now global and available to all the commands.
- `sync-from-downstream --remote` was renamed to `--remote-to-push`.
- `--remote` can now be specified in user's config (via
  `upstream_git_remote` parameter).

> - packit is now able generate a patch file withformat-patch without leading a/ and b/ in the patch diff.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- packit is now able to generate a patch file with format-patch without leading a/ and b/ in the patch diff.
```
